🎨 Adding trivy workflow file (#9)
scality/workflows: README.md

      uses: scality/workflow/.github/workflows/my-workflow.yaml@v1
      with:
        foo: ${{ needs.previous-job.outputs.foo }}
  ```

## Trivy

> `trivy.yaml` is a GitHub Actions configuration file that utilizes Trivy,
> an open-source vulnerability scanner for Docker containers and images.
> The action is triggered when a workflow is called with an image-ref input.
> It performs the following steps:
> 
> 1. Checkout the repository with actions/checkout@v3.
> 2. Scan the specified Docker image with Trivy using
> `aquasecurity/trivy-action@master`. The scan options include `image-ref`,
> `format`, `output`, `ignore-unfixed`, and `vuln-type`.
> 3. Upload the Trivy scan results in SARIF format to GitHub Security tab
> using `github/codeql-action/upload-sarif@v2`.
> 
> This configuration file enables easy integration of vulnerability scanning
> for Docker images into a GitHub CI/CD pipeline. Results can be viewed in the
> GitHub Security tab for further analysis and vulnerability remediation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`trivy.yaml` is a GitHub Actions workflow that utilizes Trivy,
an open-source vulnerability scanner for Docker containers and images.
The action is triggered when a workflow is called with an image-ref input.
It performs the following steps:

1. Checkout the repository with actions/checkout@v3.
2. Scan the specified Docker image with Trivy using the [trivy action](https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy-action). 
3. Upload the Trivy scan results in SARIF format to GitHub Security tab
using the [upload-sarif](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/code-scanning/integrating-with-code-scanning/uploading-a-sarif-file-to-github) action.

This configuration file enables easy integration of vulnerability scanning
for Docker images into a GitHub CI/CD pipeline. Results can be viewed in the
GitHub Security tab for further analysis and vulnerability remediation.
```
